this is the spectacular spider-man venom
figures there are six inch figures a
little bit bulky got them on clearance
out here in Manila I thought I gave very
good money about considering the amount
of plastic that I got for each of them I
sure in Manila you can see these guys in
retail they're their own appearance okay
this one is from the first wave of the
spider-man spectacular spider-man
figures well this one is part of the the
supercharged wave which came that they
supercharged figures came with a spider
this one in particular resembles a
tarantula I believe what the gimmick it
either here is but you get a free spider
collectible plastic figure I suppose
with every supercharged figure that's
that let's begin with the first wave Oh
before we begin in case you're
interested here is the McDonald's Happy
Meal spectacular spider-man venom figure
perhaps the most show-accurate among the
three doesn't do anything except a water
squirting feature no articulation okay
the first wave of the venom the venom
figure from the first wave has a
spring-loaded waist gimmick which I
absolutely hate I hate spring-loaded
waists because it's such a crappy
gimmick but you can't that really
removes all waste and and any chance of
a decent pose for this figure especially
for opposing junkie like me he has some
decent articulation in the arms that
it's on a ball hinge joint no other
articulation on the arm that we've
wanted a wrist swivel but nothing the
head can swivel 360 the waist moves
because of the spring and the legs are
on a hinge no knees no ankles or nothing
so very limited pose ability but a
wonderful wonderful sculpt for a venom
thing
and it's done in a shiny metallic finish
so it's sort of a blueish black tone to
it with a nice huge white spider logo in
the center so very nice detail all
around I like the bulk that the table is
done for this one very cartoony I love
animated figures so this one's very nice
especially you know you get with your
money's worth particularly especially
with the fact that it's it's the same
price as a regular you know skinny
spider-man figure so get your money's
worth on this one
this one the supercharged our spider
charged I should say spider charged I
mean because you get a spider they
charge it but I don't know but it has a
normal waist articulation - wait swivel
it's got a leg swivel hip swivel I
should say ball hinge
shoulders and a hinge neck so more
decent articulation on this one getting
these imposes its main features are
really the removable claws symbiote
claws that you can remove him or you
know his hands are pretty small for the
entire figure but you can large it by
adding on the or clipping on the
symbiote and so we can literally grabs
quiter man with it I don't have a
spider-man figure with me because I
haven't actually bought one they're also
on clearance but bother buying any of
them I really just went for these guys
because I love venom and I really
thought I got my money's worth with
these figures a little bit of cheating
on hospital for this figure the arms of
this spider charged venom if you can see
it is painted differently from the
shoulders that's because it's made of a
softer rubbery plastic they were cutting
costs I guess on this figure and make
his arms look really big bigger than the
first version they had to make it hollow
so a bit of cheating there but it
doesn't matter
very well so I'm still liking it can't
fall cause bro for trying to save some
money on that so there you go the the
spectacular spider-man venom figures
plus the McDonald's Happy Meal venom
figure a very nice figure is very very
very show-accurate if you sure in Manila
you can see them pick them up highly
recommend that your big spider-man fans
and Marvel fans very very nice figure
definitely figures definitely worth your
money thanks for watching